---      
>✨⭐ **Don't miss [our 50-million-subscriber-mark celebration](https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/14eg7k5/to_celebrate_reaching_50000000_subscribers_rfunny/)!** ⭐✨
>
>This is a friendly reminder to [read our rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/wiki/rules). 
>
>Memes, social media, hate-speech, and pornography are not allowed. 
>
>Screenshots of Reddit are expressly forbidden, as are TikTok videos.
>
>**Rule-breaking posts may result in bans.**
>
>Please also [be wary of spam](https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/wiki/spam).
>
---


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/funny) if you have any questions or concerns.*
He has the least threatening voice, similar to Bob Ross.
His bank PIN is the last four digits of pi.
In one of the Expendables movies, he tells another joke similar to this. Something like "I was bit by a rattle snake, and after 3 days of agonizing pain, the snake died."
I'm glad he finally embraced it and stopped pursuing that silly lawsuit.
Or is self awareness becoming Chuck aware?  I don’t know, that doesn’t make any sense.
Chuck Norris once visited the Virgin Islands. They are now called The Islands.
I didn’t know I this was funny until I saw the 20 emojis below the video
It’s the Aussie news host of all the people which makes it more funny.
Chuck Norris tears can cure cancer. It’s unfortunate that he’s never cried.
Chuck Norris clogs the toilet when he pees
No shit, I would have done the same.
Chuck Norris doesn't mow the lawn. He dares it to grow.
Is this how the Chuck Norris’ jokes started?🤣🤣
chuck norris is a human pile of garbage.
I stopped paying attention to him after he went full racist trying to stop Obama getting elected. Has he gotten better again?
Isn't this the "Thousand years of Darkness if Obama is reelected?" guy?
The boogeyman checks under his bed for Chuck Norris.

Chuck Norris actually died 20 years ago, but the Grim Reaper is too scared to tell him. 

When Chuck Norris was born, he slapped the doctor.

When Chuck Norris left home at 16, he said to his father “Alright you’re the man of the house now…”
Chuck Norris once bought a broken down pickup truck. We now know that truck as Optimus Prime.
Too bad he's an asshole.
This guy is a maga douchebag
When God said "Let there be light" Chuck Norris said "Say Please"
Petted
Chuck Norris isn't getting massive amounts of cosmetic work done, he just intimidates his ass to slowly move into his face.  

Seriously, dude looks like he just ate a snickers with a peanut allergy.
The comments here make me miss Barrens chat.
I like that country music in the background, sounds like a lucky hillbilly story 😂
Chuck doing Chuck jokes!
I love chucks shit eating grin after the punchline, you could tell he's proud of that one
Him and Kevin Bacon are fixed points
Fuck dad joke chuck joke can kill you 😆🤣
I petted the tiger.
Chuck Norris built the hospital he was born in
Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad.
I recently met the kids of the man who trained Chuck Norris. They still train people in Taekwondo since there father passed away. He was stationed at the same military base I’m at now, there great people.
I played this clip for my son and he said "I'm glad he's still kickin'"
Chuck Norris doesn't flush the toilet.... He scares the sh..t  out of it.
Chuck Norris eats corn the long way.
Why is everyone including emoji's now? Gotta convince us something's funny?
Dude's a foaming-at-the-mouth homophobe, racist, and bigot.
Yeah... but how much wood would Chuck chuck if Chuck would chuck wood??
I like his grin at the end
The first handful of top comments in this thread were funny. The rest of them show why America is the politically divided hellhole that it is today.
😂 smart tiger!
That was perfect delivery. Is the Liger ok?
[A friendly reminder: Chuck Norris is an asshole](https://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/d834q/a_friendly_reminder_chuck_norris_is_an_asshole/)
This is it. Joke's over, gang.
It was a fun 20-odd years of memes while it lasted.
Ask that fake as why he wouldn’t fight Bruce lee?
Chuck Norris doesn’t read books. He stares at them till they start talking.
I love that the other guy didn't seem to get it.
Tim allen brother
Chuck Norris doesn't have emergency contacts. Emergencies contact Chuck Norris.
He’s such a joke
Some time ago, Chuck visited the Virgin Islands. After he left, they started just calling them The Islands.
Lol chuck in his bag
Can’t beat a good chuck Norris joke
That's hilarious 😂😂😂😂😆😆😆😆
This is kind of wholesome
Chuck Norris telling a real chick Norris joke
Idk what’s better- the joke or the reaction!
I thought he’s been self aware. He made one of these jokes in the expendables 2 and also read some a long time ago on a talk show or something.
😂
Thanks for a VERY needed laugh.
https://youtu.be/d-eCSCZV14A?t=194
Damn. It's too bad he doesn't support my political team because I would totally laugh, but since he has different opinions than me he's a fascist nazi literal-hitler asshole.
Carlos is a god damn treasure. Fight me!
I believe him.
My thoughts regarding this are just variations on... fuck  Chuck Norris. I appreciate his long career, but nothing else.
[deleted]
Did you see the video he made when Obama became president where he and his wife are saying 1000 years of darkness are coming because...Obama.  lost all respect for him.
Fuck Chuck Norris. pos.
Met Chuck in Iraq, that was a really weird day.
Those 80s Chuck Norris movies are classic.  I'd never sat down and watched them and they're so over the top ridiculous it's almost like watching a John Waters film.
[deleted]
Chuck has been very self aware from the beginning.

He loves the memes and posts his favorites on his personal website.
this man is too humble 👐🏼
CHUCK NORRIS JOKES LOL! STILL FUNNY AFTER 15 YEARS!

You know why they call it an Xbox 360? You take one look, turn 360 degrees, and walk away.

Guys, I just found out digg 2.0 came out. It’s just not good, anyone else feel that way? Didn’t they learn from fark?
You sure? Think of it as a thought experiment. Just a conversation. It’s a sign of maturity that you can have civil discourse. I’m not trying to change your mind on anything, just to show you everyone is different.
Agahahahaha, legend
Chuck Norris Brand Dad Joke
Oh man. I was just thinking about how Chuck Norris jokes were the pinnacle of internet humor 15 years ago
Chuck Norris is a fucking bigot bro
https://youtu.be/7ud3pK5Wa90
Here’s a fun chuck Norris fact… Bruce Lee mop the floor with this clown
Walker told me I have AIDS.
Yes!
I forget this man exist but always glad when I see him again
Chuck Norris can strangle you with a cordless phone.
Was that pic taken at Joe Exotic's zoo or Antle's?
He was *so* proud of that joke, you can tell
Chuck Norris is a legend, they say that when he jumps into a pool he doesn't get wet, but the pool gets Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris doesn't sleep. He waits.
Is that mark cuban? Maybe I’m drunk
He's known about the memes for many years already.  You can watch him read all the internet statements about himself on camera.
Needs more filler
More like Hardware
It's like Toby knowing about Bully Maguire memes
GOAT
Lvl 12 Orc warrior arrives into crossroads… Reads world chat, while waiting to respawn from getting ganked by gnome rogue right after landing from flight from Orgimmar *reads through every Chuck Norris bible verse being stated* Continue to rinse and repeat until you log off and switch to your lvl 60 undead rogue. Continue to rinse and repeat until you exit game and try again tomorrow.
i"ve heard, when Chuck wants burger, he goes to burger king cause that is his favorite place. and he orders a big mac and gets it.
Chuck Norris doesn't read books, he just stares them down and gets the information he needs
I sure do miss chuck norris memes
[removed]
I can sympathize with the tiger.
I love me some Chuck
So harry
Omg he is funny.
He's beginning to believe...
Chuck Norris can mess up telling a Chuck Norris joke.
Exhibit #1: the West was able to absorb a highly questionable US election, 9/11, new oil wars, and the exposure of it all (Supreme Court case and Fahrenheit 9/11), yet still have rational conversations, agree to vaccinate our kids, and even see a minority president elected in the US.
One thing to say… CHUCK NORRIS
Fearless tiger who is not afraid of Chuck🤣
No one love Chuck Norris jokes more than Chuck Norris.
Too bad another Irwin moment didn't happen
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Does he still do Karate?
Chuck Norris and Superman fought once. Loser had to wear his underwear over his pants from then on
Chuck is the best.
Right? He should do audiobooks.
Except that he's a terrible person.  Dude could have been Trump back then if it had occurred to him.
You mean Mr Rogers? I’d pay good money to see Chuck Norris play Mr Rogers.
"No such thing as mistakes, just happy little accidents. Except challenging me. That's a mistake that'll get you turned into a happy little accident."
Damn, til. Chuck Norris is 2 years *older* than Bob Ross
The most downright scary and intimidating people I have met have been very soft spoken. A full throated whisper was their speaking voice.
It's always the quiet ones you have to watch out for.

Especially this one, he has a habit of kicking people. lol
That’s because if he’s speaks in a loud voice, the earth will shatter.
That tiger didn't make a mistake just a happy accident.
But every time he needs to enter his pin he says all the digits of pi in his head until he gets to the last four
And he's counted to infinity... twice.
I just can't forgive him for shilling for Mike Huckabee.

Behind Chuck Norris' beard is another chin.

Chuck Norris killed 2 birds with 1 stone. But Bruce Lee killed 2 stones with 1 bird.

Chuck Norris once surrendered to France.

Chuck Norris doesn't eat food. He's already too full of himself.

Why there are more Chuck Norris jokes than Bruce Lee?
>!Because Bruce Lee is no joke.!<
Hey man, I heard you were bit by a king cobra

Yeah, I was. After 3 days of agonizing pain, the cobra died
According to the behind the scenes (or in an interview or so), that is his wife favorite Chuck Norris joke, that's why that one was included.
I remember the opening night of that movie. The entire theater was packed with 17-25 year old guys. We lost our shit at that joke. The entire theater was jumping out of our seats hugging and high fiving like it was a baseball game. Good times.
It only took him 20 years.
I'm out of the loop. What was the lawsuit?
Chuck Norris doesn’t make sense, sense makes Chuck Norris
I'll allow it!
Chuck once got into a fight with Superman. Loser had to wear their underwear on the outside.
Chuck Norris was on an episode of Wheel of Fortune they could not air. The episode starts with Chuck spinning the wheel, and then everyone exchanges uneasy glances the rest of the episode, waiting for it to stop.
Jesus can walk on water, Chuck Norris swims through land.
When Chuck Norris jumps into the water, he doesn't get wet. The water gets Chuck Norris.
*The Whore Islands
Chuck Norris once took a piss in the gas tank of a semi-truck.  we now know that truck as Optimus Prime.
Facebook ass meme lol
So true 🤣🤣🤣😂🤣😂👌👌👌👌
The modern laughtrack
Its a bit of a stretch to call Karl a "news host".
I love how he doesn't break character but you can hear the cameraman giggling.
It's so rare to see 2 Android robots together communicating in their own language. Chuck and Karl in WWE would be Kings.
R/longstabbything
Chuck Norris can impregnate a woman by simply pointing at her and saying "booya".
bet he cried when trump lost, though.
Chuck Norris doesn't use ladders because his head is a more effective rung.
Chuck Norris doesn't flush the toilet, he scares the shit out of it.
I don’t know why, but this one made me laugh the most!
Congratulations, that's one of the best I've seen!
never heard this one nice!
Nice
Barrens chat, if I recall correctly
You think it's a joke? Dude killed Batman by crushing his head with his thighs while on a path to world domination. The only reason we don't all speak Norrisese today is because he was stopped by a large allied force.

We owe our thanks to Gandalf the Grey and Gandalf the White and Monty Python and the Holy Grails Black Knight and Benito Mussolini and the Blue Meanie and Cowboy Curtis and Jambi the Genie, Robocop, the Terminator, Captain Kirk, and Darth Vader. Lo-pan, Super Man, every single Power Ranger. Bill S Preston and Theodore Logan, Spock, The Rock, Doc Ock, and Hulk Hogan.
They started as Vin Diesel jokes, actually.
A lot of really young people giving you really bad responses. The Chuck Norris jokes started all the way back in the 90's, before any fucking "Fact Generator" or WoW Barrens Chat or anything else. It just started because it was fun. Chuck Norris is essentially an unstoppable super hero in his movies (especially at the time), leading to all the jokes about him being invincible. They have gone way further these days - used to be just a handful of them.

But it was funny reading all the kiddies thinking this is a more modern thing.
Vin Diesel fact generator back in the day.  At some point it turned into Chuck Norris.
Would you care to explain?
So far, the only answers people have written are "I disagree with him politically". That's all the answers summed up.

Americans are so fucking intolerant of each other it's insane.
I don't understand why you feel so angry, but I hope your day gets better.
Nope, he supports the campaigns of right wing extremist school board candidates.
He predicted “1,000 years of darkness”mid Obama was elected.
He also endorsed pedo Roy Moore.
[Nope.](https://www.newsweek.com/chuck-norris-backs-key-senate-midterm-election-candidate-arizona-blake-masters-1757117)

>In his post on WND.com, Norris criticizes the Biden administration over its border policies, writing that the "crisis at the U.S. southern border couldn't be any worse."

He has a column on World Net Daily, a far-right media outlet.
And the antivax guy, and the "Jan 6 rioters were mostly antifa" guy, and the "we should have prayer and teach Jesus in public school" guy, it goes on, he's definitely a nutjob.

Have you ever watched walker Texas ranger? It's such a dog shit show, I don't actually understand why we even know who this guy is.
Yeah it’s such a bummer tbh, the memes are funny as hell
Yeah, he's...dumb
Yeah ok you go tell Chuck Norris that it's not "petted"
All of it
Lol.  Well done.
Dad joke vibes
Though, the delivery would have been better if he'd just left the joke at "so the tiger did."  Let the audience feel clever that they got it a second later.
Clever girl
Nah that's Karl. He gets it and was making it better with that reaction
So what? Just here for the jokes.
What in the what now?!
Why?
Can we stop defending Chuck now that we know he is a sexist, misogynist, racist, anti-vaxxer?
No, he hasn't. He sued the guy who wrote the book.
Except for the whole racist bigot part
[deleted]
Please do not post email addresses on /r/Funny (even if they're fake).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/funny) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Or narrate documentaries
Nah, he should just stick to making racist comments on podcasts in the background.
Stfu dumbass white boi. Blacks love trump
Chuck Norris is an awful actor though, and would make a terrible Mr. Rogers.
Huh, guess I was stuck behind Chunk in disguise at the ATM last week.
i mean how else is he supposed to remember 🤦
Chuck does not have a pin, atm card or even bank account, no ATM ever refused to giving him money.
The ATAM has to give its pin to Chuck to be allowed to be his ATM B*tch
Whenever you try to divide by zero and you can't, that's Chuck Norris stopping you.
You must be fun at parties.
Check the age scoreboard.
It was five days, but yeah.
I think there were many but there was one in particular aimed.at the guy who wrote the book filled with chuck Norris jokes. Originally he hated it and thought that it was some form of defamation.  For almost 20 years he was truly angry about the whole thing and even did interviews where he was asked about it. Eventually he came to realise that he'd been wrong this entire time and that people were idolising him and not only that, he was even more famous now because of it.
Chuck Norris doesn’t own a watch, he tells time exactly when it it should be.
Chuck Norris can punch two pennies cents-less.
That doesn't make any Chuck Norris...
Chuck doesn't do push-ups. He pushes the Earth down.
Chuck Norris can dribble a bowling ball.
Chuck Norris has it on good authority that the virgin Mary isn't a virgin.
[deleted]
All the responsibility, none of the fun
So he's from the Q Continuum?
god i miss old barrens chat lol
Nice wow reference haha
Barrens chat with Chuck Norris jokes truly was the greatest thing of my childhood, thanks for that reminder.
It was so wild. Was on every server, head to barrens, that's what you got.
Yup. Barrens used to be great back then. Some real fucking crazy funny moments back then.
They all came out of nowhere lightning fast, and they kicked Chuck Norris in his cowboy ass.
One could say it was the ultimate fight of ultimate destiny...
spocktherockdocock
I just listened for the first time in 12 years. I feel ancient. Also, I didn't know that was Mouthsounds Neil.
We didn’t start the fire!
That was the silliest thing I've read today.
he's such a big trump supporter that he had to release a public statement that he *wasn't* at the capitol on 1/6.
One thing is he has (may still) strongly supported teaching the Bible and Christianity in public schools. That's not great.

Not sure if there's more.
The meme's were cute 20 years ago before we learned what a pile of shit he was.

We should all know better in 2023.

I could probably list 1000 years of evil things garbage chuck norris has said on tv.
Opinions on policies to balance the budget is politics. Standing by fascism is a difference in basic levels of humanity. If calling out those shitty people is a buzzkill for you, well, we are *very* sorry.
not angry. just stating factual information in a very bland manner

I hope your day gets better too
Why would he be angry lol, chuck Norris is a piece of shit :)
did he confuse wesley snipes with obama?

for those that are out of the loop, watch charlie murphy's story about rick james from chappell show
That's unfortunate. He seemed pretty chill before, but then Obama happened and it was like he lost his damn mind. But like with all the MAGA qultists, he just started saying the things he was afraid to before.
Maybe the left needs to chill out on the line moving. I was a big fan of Clinton, and I despised Bush. I despise both parties now, so I'm pretty near the middle. My values didn't change, the values of the party have. I remember thinking how ridiculous it was how they went after Clinton for the bj and the college incident of smoking weed. Good God, have we gone downhill. Fanaticism is rampant now on both sides. Both sides are okay with their leadership doing evil things because you have to fight evil with evil. Everything is catch phrases now, alot of it is based on irrational thought. There's so many people that clearly have no idea what's actually going on, and we try to blame these people, but both sides own the news and all the media. Our government doesn't understand why the people don't trust them, but they're the cause. There's 2 big narratives going around, and I'm sure the truth is somewhere in there, but this situation is a result of bad leadership and rampant corruption on both sides. The real big gutshot was watching the democratic party fuck over Sanders in 2016 elections. I felt that he genuinely wanted to help the country.
I'm not doing it - you do it.
He doesn't play for team blue in politics so redditors hate him
context bro?
Wait, why?
Or sell exercise machines and home gyms
I'm sad about this information :(
What what? Chuck Norris is racist? What I miss?
https://youtu.be/7ud3pK5Wa90?feature=shared
What comment did he make? Link?
Chuck Norris doesn't need the pass 😎
I think he should actually stop doing that
Doesn't it suck? I grew up watching martial arts movies and loved his roles like many others. But his bigotry was full front and center and it makes me sad I can't enjoy most things involving him.
Hard disagree
Wonder where Sloth was? Probably getting a Baby Ruth.
Damn. That must have been me. In my defense, I was high af and didn't know which way the card goes in.
ATMs don't charge chuck extra if they don't belong to the bank he uses
I mean yeah if we start bustin' out reverse Chuck Norris jokes, this guy has a bunch!
Chuck Norris is so old that when Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone, the first call he got was Chuck Norris phoning in another movie performance.
There's a Monty Python joke in here somewhere.
I owned that book "Chuck Norris Facts" one edition had a drawing of Chuck driving a ice cream truck covered in human skulls.
I mean, there was that one about him fucking a truck…
Thank God he was too stupid to realize how popular he was.  Otherwise he would have been president.
he was just one of those greedy short sighted conservatives that couldn't handle the idea that he wasn't getting a piece of the action. if he stopped to think about it for half a second he would have realized that not even the best PR company in the world could have done that for him and he got it all for free.
Wow what a dick lol.
this information should ruin him but it won’t?
Lol, I'm definitely not idolizing him when I make those jokes
That’s sense’s job
Chuck Norris once touched a hot stove and the stove got burnt.
Technically everyone does this to a very small degree
Ok buddy.
Chuck Norris babies don't require much. The gestation period is about 10 minutes and they are full grown by the end of the day with a blue collar job and their own kids.
It's sad they all fell to Mr Roger's blade shortly after but that's why we honor their sacrifice with Memorial Day.
Good guys bad guys and explosions, as far as the eye can see
Have you seen the YouTube video / song?
There it is. Fuck your life.
You guys are the embodiment of the “QUIT HAVING FUN” meme
He's also an anti-vaxx nutjob, so is presumably responsible for multiple deaths.
Birther, endorsed Roy Moore, first major celeb to support Prop 8, the list goes on.
That's petty.
Now there's a new meme standard worth jumping into.

Start it like a Chuck Norris joke, end it with a fact about how shitty the dude is.
Yeah, I remember that one time when both parties stormed the capitol.
[The both sides fallacy is wrong and lazy thinking.](https://www.postalley.org/2020/04/05/the-fallacy-and-laziness-of-both-sides-ism/) This article was written at the beginning of the pandemic, but the substance of it still holds true today. Both sides are, in fact, not equally to blame for the current state of political division. One side, Republicans, have moved to the extreme right and are no longer concerned with actual policy.
Norris jumped in on the whole birther conspiracy about Obama, writing an open letter to Obama saying he should release his birth certificate.

 After that, he publicly supported various very dubious Republican candidates. One was Roy Moore of Alabama, after he was removed from office for refusing to comply with federal law. Another was Blake Masters, who promoted Trump’s stolen election claims in his campaign ads.

Basically Norris is not just conservative, he’s far right wackadoodle conservative.
Nobody wants that.
[deleted]
Yep. On TV at like 2a.m. with a blonde chick. I can see that happening.
The last 20 years?
Which part?  His racist views?  His ultra right-wing views?  Or his christian nationalist views?  Oh, maybe it was his views on the LGBTQ+ community?  

Sorry, I've lost track of the ways that good ole' Chuck has lost any respect.  I bet Chuck and Kevin Sorbo have BBQs together.
Oh geez….I’m not about to cancel Chuck Norris, so over it
He's MAGA Supporter of Trump, what did you expect?
I don't think it's a particularly hot take to say he's more noteworthy for the memes around him than for his acting. His filmography is mostly forgettable other than a couple Canon film highlights, and he probably trended towards more flattering roles (Walker, Texas Ranger certainly fits that) that didn't exactly stretch his range that far. And if you've seen Firewalker, you know he's got basically zero comedic timing.

I'm not comparing him to like Daniel Day Lewis or anything, just as 80s action stars go there's no shortage of alternatives that have more interesting highs or are better "so bad its good" fodder or are just plain better actors than he is.
HEY YOU GUYS! I'M LEAVING IT BECAUSE THIS BETTER!!!
Nah, bro. You know he's all about that Rocky Road!
Giraffes didn’t always look like. Then Chuck Norris uppercutted them.
Sloth, you're gonna live me me now
The upvotes share your opinion. As do I.   
No more supporting racist shitheads.
Chuck Norris is so tough he can strangle you with a cordless phone
“Consult the Book of Armaments!”
Tis’ but a scratch!
Oh ok... wait, what?
No joke when I was in Army basic training they only allowed religious books. There were 2 books on the shelf in the barracks, The Bible and Chuck Norris Facts.
That was a Bill Brasky fact from SNL.
Out of curiosity, and I promise I am not a conservative, what does him being conservative have to do with this? I feel like out of touch celebrities across the board make these types of lawsuits. Barbara Streisand/ Streisand effect comes to mind.
I think a guy clarified it a bit above you, it was a "chuck norris facts" book that had some clearly false shit in it lol
Chuck Norris can summon a Klondike bar into his hands without doing anything.
It's the same when jumping. While your feet are off the ground, you pull the earth towards you one tiiiiiiiiny bit
No… whats it called?
Ah yes This Is The Ultimate Orgy, of homosexuality 
https://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/330027
facts don't care about your feelings, dude.
No, fuck you, trumptard.
You wanna have fun fucktard? Make these memes about Terry Crews, Chuck Norris can go fuck himself up his Nazi fuckin ass.
chuck did it to himself. stop celebrating a bigot, maybe?
Politics effect real life kiddo.
I mean, one stormed the capital, and one burned down a city. Classic examples of fanaticism. Perfect example though! Ty for contributing.
5/29/20
I surely wouldn't be able to find a similar article written by a republican blaming the democrats? Lol. Dude come on.
That's brought up frequently, and that type of thinking is just as wrong and lazy. Both sides having responsibility is not the same as both sides have an equal responsibility. More so, each party acknowledging their responsibility is what's key to a solution, not just identifying the others. 

Think of it this way:

A bully feels like the person he's bullying is acting in a way that deserves it. Not that he's being this asshole bully. And what do we know about bullies? That aggression is coming from an internal lack of confidence, or whatever it may be, And it's only challenging it that gets them to stop, continually acquiescing to them only makes it worse. Somebody getting bullied day in and day out that just keeps letting it happen eventually shares in the responsibility, but in a much smaller way. And establishing that the bully is the responsible one is not going to suddenly change the situation, The guy getting bullied taking responsibility for what he can do will.  

In the same way, both parties can do relatively small things that elicit much larger reactions on the other side. And that's because the two parties, and every single individual, have different values and priorities. One thing the both parties do, and have always done, is react to other party like it's going to be the death of everyone and everything. And that just emboldens the other side. 

And what do we know about the Republican party? They are reactionary. They have little to no platform of their own. Making things easy for them to react to is just as much the left's responsibility as it is the rights for overreacting to it.
thank you brother, I was not aware of that
[removed]
then don't
Those things don’t all equate, and quite the contrary to your belief, that doesn’t mean fascist. 

You do realize that there are genuine Christian folk(religious) who’d want nothing, but the best for you? Who’d supplement your needs with no expectations on your end? Try asking yourself, why is this man saying what he’s saying, before jumping the gun? 

I know it can be a little scary to hear that someone supports Trump, but that doesn’t mean they believe in everything he does. Myself(black man) will vote for trump because he’s the only anti-war candidate that stands a chance in this election.
😭
As someone that unfortunately lives near him, you can add a crappy water bottling company. Not joking. The local river looks like [this](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Navasota_River#/media/File:Navasota_River_in_TX_IMG_6231.jpg) and has the nickname "Nasty Soda".
The fact that people don't know Chuck is a giant piece of shit is worrisome.
Never meet your heroes I guess...
Yeah those are the things I missed apparently. Well that sucks, I wasn’t a huge fan of his but I liked him in that Bruce Lee movie and with all the jokes I was hoping he was aight. Damn.
chuck is such a renowned trump supporter, he had to release a statement that he *wasn't* at the capitol on 1/6.
God forbid someone has a view that opposes yours.
Show me on the doll where the conservative hurt you.
youre just making him sound good to me
[removed]
You are welcome to enjoy him. Glad you can.
I guess that’s the part I missed.
Aww :( sadness
I don’t have time to read your what seems to be fan rage at the moment but I will consider your opinion when I get a moment to actually read it and reconsider. 

I can say I thought it would be funny as fuck and not some fanboy rage shit I encountered. Reddits weird. 

Anywho I liked him in a few films and his “bad ass” persona he is hilariously showing in this Reddit post I thought was funny along with his weak voice to play Mr Rogers. It was only funny cause of how out of place it is. But whatever, wouldn’t want rage to get in the way of a good laugh. 

Besides, Tom Hanks did a great job…got anything against Tom Hanks?
It was one of of the "facts" on the first page. "Chuck Nortis drives an ice cream truck covered in human skulls"
>in Army basic training they only allowed religious books.


Yikes
I mean it makes sense the jokes were stolen, they whole bit was first launched as a Vin Diesel Fact Generator site back in like 2004. Then it was almost immediately rehashed as Chuck Norris jokes because Conan O'Brien had the Chuck Norris lever, and that's the version everyone remembers.

It's literally just stolen Vin Diesel jokes, which were switched to Chuck Norris to steal Conan O'Brien's bit.
Speaking for the other guy, it’s not that he is a conservative, it’s that he is greedy and short sighted and a lot of conservatives happen to be those things. He was upset that someone was profiting from his name with a parody book and he wanted to stop them and take a bigger piece of the pie, so to speak, which is the greedy side of things. The short sighted is that because this increased his profile it was making the “pie” in this case much larger, so he was failing to see that his “slice” was actually getting bigger.
that’s a terrible comparison. streisand had a legitimate gripe with a neighbor, a private disagreement. she made mistakes that led to that being published. norris had global good will, on tap, and he was PISSED about it. he is also a conservative jesus freak. so obviously he’s a dumbass
Tornadoes are just the after-effects of Chuck Norris practicing his round house kicks.
The Ultimate Showdown. Was fairly popular lil flash animation for a song back like 17 years ago. Which is scary for me to think this things almost 20 years old now haha.

https://youtu.be/lrzKT-dFUjE?si=XM9jgY0JdDNK-Xsi
"Ultimate showdown of ultimate destiny"
Which city was razed?
To clarify, are you talking about the time leftists burned Atlanta or the time antifascists burned Dresden?
You mean Portland? Every night for a month?

Was there ever any reporting on who rebuilt it every day so it could be burned down again? I need them for my next remodel.
>I mean, one stormed the capital, and one burned down a city.

So one group rioted and destroyed some stores (absolutely not a city, what a ridiculous thing to say). And one group literally attempted to attack our congress in order to stop the peaceful, democratic transfer of presidential power in an attempt to force their own losing candidate to stay in power.

Now, which of those is worse and more damaging to the country and the democratic way of life as a whole? Because it's not even close. Now before you build the usual straw man, I'm not defending any riots. The violent rioters were way out of line and deserve to see consequences. I'm clarifying that the riots were not even close to "burning down a city". And I'm also clarifying the fact that comparing those two things as if they are equal is like saying I'm just as bad as Charles Manson because I stole a dozen eggs once in college.

u/corasin I would genuinely love to hear your response to my comment, please.
You should really do your due diligence. [About the writer of that article:](https://www.postalley.org/author/tbrobinson/)

>Tony is a writer, teacher, speaker and ordained minister (United Church of Christ). He served as Senior Minister of Seattle’s Plymouth Congregational Church for fourteen years. His newest book is Useful Wisdom: Letters to Young (and not so young) Ministers. He divides his time between Seattle and a cabin in Wallowa County of northeastern Oregon.

He sounds a little conservative but more of an independent. If nothing else, he's deeply religious and likely tries to find a middle ground where good work can be done on vital issues.

That's the problem with Republicans today. You cannot appreciate opinions from the middle because you label them as Democrat and, as such, refuse to engage with the material.
Source?
The birther conspiracy was racist.
[deleted]
That tiger ain't no fool. That's Chuck Frickin' Norris!
These people are evil and this should be illegal. Nestle is doing the same thing on top of slavery.
All I know is Chuck Norris jokes

Can celebrities stop being pieces of shit and ruining their reputation
We don't follow celebrities to the point we know everything about them. What we know is the movies and the dumb memes. Only thing he'll be good for it appears.
Next you're going to tell me Jackie Chan is a bigot, and hugely pro CCP
He isn't doing anywhere I would have seen it. I wouldn't know who the pillow guy was if he hadn't got in front of an international audience and told me he was a piece of shit. So while chuck may have some podcasts or something I would have to go looking for them to see them I assume because no one is posting clips like with Joe or the other meathead.
I mean to be fair Chuck Norris really hasn't been relevant for like 15-20 years (even before his racist stuff started showing more) and Chuck Norris jokes/memes haven't been popular since like 2010
He a right wing folk hero.
"views that oppose yours" is a phrase meant for when someone likes a different type of pizza or a different burger from KFC, not when they think black people and trans people don't deserve to live.
Well, you know, "cunts of a feather" and all that.
You can't even form a proper sentence and you expect people to give a shit about your ignorant opinion?
Dude's just a bad actor. Sorry you don't have time to read a couple paragraphs.
Ok I can kinda see why he was angry then
The United States Army is a mess of an organization.

- Recruiters blatantly lie to onboard more people.
- Awful treatment of its own members, especially when compared to other military branches.
- Exploitative use of the defense budget.
[removed]
Want a veggie
Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.
Yeah right. Chuck Norris doesn't practice, he just does.
Fuck I feel old now
To this day I'll catch myself humming the bass line of that song after not thinking about it in months.
How did I miss this? Thanks!
Oh wow, you must have missed it. It was Minneapolis in 2020. A dirtbag police officer used excessive force and murdered an African American man named George Floyd. After that, riots started happening, and there was a large BLM movement involvement. Billions were lost in the fires. There were over 164 separate structure fires set. The democratic party not only failed to condemn this, but they then labeled it positively as the "Summer of Love." There were influencers out on scene doing live streams of the event happening. It was wild.
Atlanta is still mad at Sherman for that, but not for the reason you think.

The goofy intersections in Atlanta are a result of the rebuilding after the Civil War. Prior to the war Atlanta was built on a traditional grid layout. After the war the railroads were rebuilt first and followed the lay of the land. The roads were built following the tracks and the reconstruction spread outward from there because that is how supplies came. This the messed up intersections are a lasting penalty of the civil war.
I still can't believe my own mother, who told me 'if you vote for mccain and palin I will disown you', referred to 'the destruction of portland.'  she *lives* in portland, so I asked 'what destruction have you seen?' and she could only mention homeless camps.

she's nearly 90, and I'm sure her circle includes folk who get their news from fox, even if they don't tell her that.
And the thing is, only one group was political. One was absolutely fervent Republican supporters of Donald Trump who did it for political reasons. The other one was every day people tired of police brutality. Sure, Republicans largely attribute anyone angry at police brutality as being a Democrat since Republicans support police brutality so long as it happens to a minority. But only one group was actually political in nature.

These "both sides" assholes trying to attribute a group that isn't on a political side as having one are playing right into the hands of the extremists that control the right wing.
Evil is evil and I don't need to determine or think about which is worse. This exactly proves my point though. So many people now are okay with the evil that their party does because it's the lesser evil. It's ridiculous.
Lol. Point proven! I said my political history. Since I don't agree with you, I'm a typical republican. Why should I do my due diligence on a writer that someone else linked? You didn't. I read the same clip at the bottom of the article. Why are my assumptions less valid than yours? Sure, he's religious. Lots of democrats are. That doesn't make someone a republican. Now mine, I assumed that he was democrats because of how he wrote about Republicans. Could feel the distaste in the writing. But that's the problem with democrats today. They see a key word and make judgment. Yours was the word minister, so he must be republican.
Source of my sarcasm? It came from me bro. 9/6/2023. Scroll up if you want the time stamp.
To believe that Chuck Norris was racist, I'd want to see something originating from him that's racist. I get that the conspiracy theory is that he's a secret Muslim terrorist which seems absolutely ridiculous. That in itself is racist and if Chuck Norris was pushing that part of it then I would agree. That being said, everyone here wants me to believe he's racist on their word because stereotypical republican should be evidence enough. No one is providing anything directly from him though. How do you know that he wasn't just concerned about the legitimacy of his citizenship? Being a legitimate citizen in itself isn't racist because we are a nation of all races.
Give me the definition of fascism, then ask me my beliefs, first. Then we can discuss.
That's not profitable. See I have an out there conspiracy theory that when the whole Mel Gibson thing happened; people saw that "backlash" and that helped prime our political climate to 2008-2016. Which in turn, got us to here.

I have NO evidence whatsoever, but that's my headcannon on where our timeline did a shift.
[Chuck "I'll be the president of Texas" traitor Norris?](https://theweek.com/articles/507654/chuck-norris-texas-secessionist)
Yeah, some can. But the good ones don't make the news as much.
In the soccer world, we just replace chuck Norris with zhaltan ibrahimovic. Works very well lol
No, because infinite money gives ignorant idiots infinite opportunities to spout their infinite ignorance to the infinite, ignorant masses.
Did he actually say all trans people must die?
lmao bet you call anybody who thinks different than you a nazi too
Sorry you got a stick so far stuck up there you can’t stop and laugh. Also in your opinion he’s a bad actor. I loved Texas ranger back in the day and he’s been in a couple of movies I like so as I said HARD DISAGREE. 

Maybe try not coming off like such a turn off next time
Chuck Norris: Ok first of all, it’s femurs
Calling a spade a spade is our whole fuckin deal over on the left, friend
I like veggies
Chuck Norris does not go 'hunting'. The term 'hunting' implies a possibility of failure. 


Chuck Norris goes killing.
practices for fun
Last time I checked Minneapolis was still on the map.
>The democratic party not only failed to condemn this, but they then labeled it positively as the "Summer of Love."

I've been googling and all I can find is a single instance of Seattle's mayor making a joke that we "could" have a summer of love.

I find repeated conservatives outlets saying "democrats claim blah blah summer of love" but nothing links to anything.  

Do you have any links or anything to back that up or is it just regurgitated trash?
I live in Atlanta. It’s even worse than you think.

Edit: To clarify, our streets weave like drunks, change names unexpectedly, switch directions at intersections, are named confusingly, and I swear to St. Sherman himself a few of them curve back and cross themselves. I think I’ve stood at the intersection of Peachtree and Peachtree and off in the distance seen myself staring back from the corner of Peachtree and Peachtree.
I think by ignoring how the BLM protests were around 94% peaceful, and many of the 'riots' were proven to be caused by either the police  breaking a window and declaring it a riot (see 'police riots), or other agitators not affiliated with the actual protests, and comparing them to people who *tried to overthrow the government* sure makes you look like just another right wing propagandist declaring 'both sides'  to diminish ***TRYING TO OVERTHROW THE GOVERNMENT***

it sure as hell *is* ridiculous.

edit: formatting
I never once called Tony a republican, I said he was likely conservative but more than likely independent. I can't argue with someone who doesn't read and can't articulate a coherent sentence. Good night.
> How do you know that he wasn't just concerned about the legitimacy of his citizenship?

Why hasn’t he been concerned about the legitimacy of citizenship of any other political candidate? What is it about Obama that was different?

When someone publicly supports a racist campaign, it’s pretty natural to assume they’re racist. Of course it’s also possible that Norris is just thick, and didn’t understand what he was supporting.

But it doesn’t matter that much either way. I didn’t mention race in my comment above, because the things Norris is clearly on record as having supported are bad enough.
That's some impressive mental gymnastics.
[deleted]
That fits with my memory of things.  Let's go with that.

I personally think that it was the huge number of people that felt poor, desperate, and lied to after the great recession.  When social media kept exploding around that same time, those vulnerable people latched on and never woke up.  It's a nasty thing to have an infinite scroll of jealousy and fear.

&nbsp;

Exhibit #1: the West was able to absorb a highly questionable US election, 9/11, new oil wars, and the exposure of it all (Supreme Court case and Fahrenheit 9/11), yet still have rational conversations, agree to vaccinate our kids, and even see a minority president elected in the US.

The difference is we lost newspapers and suspected that we weren't all bouncing back from the recession in solidarity.  Rupert Murdoch saw the opportunity to profit from the feeling of disenfranchisement... and franchised it.
I used to love Mel Gibson. Why are they like this?
It's a bit of a mouthful ngl :P
Nah, just the nazis.
Sounds like you keep getting called a Nazi. You might want to evaluate the shit you're spewing if that's the case, Nazi.
Show me on the doll where Chuck Norris touched you 🪆
When Chuck Norris donates blood he refuses the needle and requests a gun and a bucket
FYI, the “billions” number is all damage that occurred in all riots connected to all protests in 140 cities across 20 states and over the course of about 2 weeks.

https://www.axios.com/2020/09/16/riots-cost-property-damage

The idiot yapping about a city being burned to the ground surprisingly can’t keep his facts straight.
So is Rhyolite Nevada. What's your point?
Ok. Just to make sure that I understand. I brought up democrats calling the riots, damage to homes and loss of life a "Summer of Love" and you're asking me for sources after telling me that you won't accept the source that's a news interview where Democrat representative Jenny Durkan says that it's just people hanging out and could be a summer of love while a pictures of armed rioters are rioting. Or the fact that she was ridiculed and she stepped down because of it doesn't help? Lol
Sorry Andy. Your real-life experience isn't going to cut it. You're going to need to change your standpoint to align better with the correct message.
Why does 94% of the peaceful protestors get absolved at the riots in 2020 but not on the Jan 6 thing? It feels like you might have some kind of agenda there. Crime for crime, 19 people confirmed dead from the 2020 riots, how many from the jan 6 event?
So none?
My dude, if your retort is to name call or this sad attempt to insert a meme, then you probably need a break from the internet. I have nothing against you, because aside from your political beliefs which are louder than aged cheese, I don’t know you. We aren’t our beliefs, since they are ever changing. You can do better to communicate.
Is Sinclair also connected to Murdoch? I was under the impression that they own all of the local news outlets
Ibra works
i actually dont. i just think youre a left wing puritan
Ah, mocking child sexual assault. Typical conservative! 😂
Chuck Norris was the first person to win a match of tennis against a wall
False. The only thing that can cut Chuck Norris, is Chuck Norris. He shaves by roundhouse kicking his beard.
[removed]
you said it was burned down.  yet it stands.

you were trying to justify your 'both sides' argument, but you're not doing a very good job moving the goalposts.

edit: lol, omfg, rhyolite is an historical ruins? - your point is the most ridiculous BS I've ever seen.
"We could have had a Summer of Love" (implying *if these riots weren't happening*) is not the same thing as "These Riots and damage to homes is a Summer of Love"  

You get that... right?
'absolved of the riots' that they had no part in? that they might not even have been in the same city or state as?

the people who *did* do crimes like riots or property destruction during the BLM protests *were* prosecuted.

the people involved in deaths during the protests *were prosecuted*.

and the jan 6 "event" **was an insurrection**

you want to call things the right name, you should start refering to 'the event' as 'the attempted insurrection', because that's what it *was* and that's ***WHAT MAKES IT WORSE***

good grief, you're ridiculously propagandized and biased.

and you have the gall to tell me *I've* got an agenda?

say it. just admit that 1/6 was an insurrection attempting to overthrow a legal election.
I thought so. I just remember that Rush Limbaugh seemingly took off way faster than before. As he was already on the scene, but the Recession gave credence to what he was saying. More people seemed to flock toward these ultra right-wing talk shows and hosts.

Even Tucker Carlson started out "somewhat" neutral and slowly shifted to the grift-like structure we see today.
I don't think so.  They surely cozy up to the same people in power for roughly the same reasons, and may even play footsie at times, but I've never heard of any owner-subsidiary or joint venture relationship.

&nbsp;

The internet says that Murdoch proposed buying some stations from them a few years back, but the deal may have fallen through?  I didn't dig, but that's also a bit of evidence that they don't share a master.
"Christian nationalism", "racism", and "homophobia" Sound appealing to you, I'm sure you have some really shitty opinions on things.

Nevermind that "left wing puritan" isn't a thing except to brain melt right wing propaganda regurgitators.
Chuck Norris doesn’t go swimming, water just wants to be around him.
Please do not post email addresses on /r/Funny (even if they're fake).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/funny) if you have any questions or concerns.*
No. You're leaving out what she said and you're twisting it. Lol. She was making light of the situation calling it a block party. She was asked how long she expected it to last in May. She said, "I don't know, we could have a summer of love." Meaning the love could last all summer.

https://youtu.be/hhhV9AkjxjU?si=A460Y5G7n-JmNLMi
No, Chuck Norris doesn't swim in the ocean.  He swims through land.
Dont think you got away with that
Wow, that is some gymnastics.  It's clear she's saying it in jest, exactly as thee other commenter described.

So this single instance is the one you're referring to and somehow that means thee *entire* democratic party is now endorsing it as "the summer of love".  No other cases of any other democrats actually saying it or supporting it.

Incredible.

Edit: Even better - you posted a video that has been spliced to have a narrative. Thee original interview didn't cut from block party atmosphere to the summer of love comment.  You're a sap who is eating up a video that deliberately spliced the interview to make you angry.
I think you're the one that has it switched. That clearly looks like   
"When will it stop?   
"I don't know. We could have a summer of love *if it was to stop soon enough*"

Meaning that if the disruptions stopped it could be a good summer.
Chuck Norris can do wheelies on a unicycle
Chuck Norris got digornoes delivered
To split the first atom scientist had to call Chuck Norris to do it
Chuck Norris puts gravel on his slip-n-slides.
Chuck Norris' fists makes light wish that it was faster
Chuck Norris doesn’t sleep. He waits.
